Logging Z-Stream Release Notes correction - 4.8 branch (#53656)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-rn-5.4.9.adoc

//module included in cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-4-9_{context}"]
= Logging 5.4.9
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:8780[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.4.9].

[id="openshift-logging-5-4-9-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, the Fluentd collector would warn of unused configuration parameters. This update removes those configuration parameters and their warning messages. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3074[LOG-3074])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the Fluentd collector warned of unused configuration parameters. This update removes those configuration parameters and their warning messages. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3074[LOG-3074])
```

Reviewer: ISG "Do not use the subjunctive mood in technical documentation."
